# ShootThis-Tools
The specific tools used in the process of creating different components of ShootThis.

## About HitboxJSONRefactor

I've personally written the HitboxJSONRefactor tool. It is used to refactor the output of Physics Body Editor so that it can be used in the obstacles hitbox configuration in [ShootThis-Backend](https://github.com/mtsanovv/ShootThis-Backend).

The binary is located in the HitboxJSONRefactor/Binary Release folder. To use it, you simply drag and drop on it (Windows, not tested on other operating systems) the json file generated by Physics Body Editor (added here). The json file is generated with origin of 0, 0 and convex polygons (and all other default options underneath the preview, never tested with any other settings). The output file created is located in the same folder as the input JSON and has an array of polygons that have coordinates based on 0 (one corner on the respective axis) and 1 (the other corner on the respective axis), therefore having to scale them to the size of the image used in-game (the matchWidth and matchHeight configurations for each obstacle in config.json in [ShootThis-Backend](https://github.com/mtsanovv/ShootThis-Backend)). 

## About Physics Body Editor

A tool by Aurelien Ribon, fetched from [Google Code](https://code.google.com/archive/p/box2d-editor/). Full credit goes to him.

**Note:** Apparently, Physics Body Editor doesn't work properly when generating polygons for shapes that don't have a square as canvas (learned that the hard way). So if you have a rectangular image, you need to use some image editing tool (for example Photoshop) to modify the canvas so that no clipping occurs and they are a square.

## About Free Texture Packer

A tool to generate spritesheets, fetched from their official website, [Free Texture Packer](http://free-tex-packer.com). Full credit goes to Alexander Norinchak.
**Please note that this repository contains ONLY the Windows binary. It also contains a screenshot of the settings used to create the spritesheets for ShootThis.**

*M. Tsanov, 2020*
